The premise for my idea comes from very frustrating times in my life when I failed miserably on gifts for loved ones. This is usually in the case of my wife and it usually falls on her birthday or our anniversary. Every year I know the date, and I know when it's coming but every year I blank out on what she really would like. I usually end of getting something lame the night before the event and just cringe when she opens it...

So why not come up with an app where I can input the 5-6 most important people in my life with their specific special dates as well as specifics about their tastes. Obviously, the more info the better for the app then to recommend gifts specifically for each individual. So as the time nears for each person's special day the app would begin to generate more and more specific gifts based on a thumbs up or a thumbs down from the user. 

At this point the app can get social like emailing one of the recipients and ask the person for a "wish list" of gifts from Target and the gifter can "cop out" and purchase one of those gifts or just purchase something similar. This social aspect may be able to be done within the Target App through either Facebook or Twitter.

Then once a gift has been selected the gifter has the option to purchase through the app and have the gift wrapped and shipped or go to nearest Target to purchase in person. 

If gifter chooses to go in person then when they arrive at the store within the app they can be told what department to go to where a "gift consultant" will help them with the rest of the purchase. This alleviates another major headache of mine, trying to find what I'm looking for and trying to find someone who can help!

This is an idea which I think many male buyers would really be excited about as well as procrastinators in general. It is obvious a win win for Target being that incorporates so much of what this contest is trying to achieve. 

As far as education goes maybe schools can upload their teachers "wish lists" for the year regarding gifts for themselves or even supplies etc. for class...
